Emacs中文网

没有我做不到的，只有你想不到的

  • 首页
  • 关于
  • DEA
  • 征集logo
  • 版权声明
  • 加盟/投稿
  • Emacs截图
  • Emacs资源
  • 站点地图
  •  

[                        ] []
首页 > 初级, 小技巧 > Emacs & cflow 生成函数调用树

Emacs & cflow 生成函数调用树

2010年11月29日 ahei 发表评论阅读评论

作者: tubo

介绍 Emacs 中使用cflow制作函数的调用树

  • 1 Introduction to cflow
  • 2 Emacs & cflow
  • 3 Links

1 Introduction to cflow

GNU cflow analyzes a collection of C source files and prints a graph, charting control flow within the program.

GNU cflow is able to produce both direct and inverted flowgraphs for C sources. Optionally a cross-reference
listing can
be generated. Two output formats are implemented: POSIX and GNU (extended).

Input files can optionally be preprocessed before analyzing.

The package also provides Emacs major mode for examining the produced flowcharts in Emacs.

以上内容取自 cflow 的网站: http://www.gnu.org/software/cflow/manual/html_node/Intro.html#Intro。

2 Emacs & cflow

cflow 的代码包中提供了cflow-mode.el (cflow-1.3/elisp/cflow.el)，该文件提供了 emacs 的 cflow-mode，
用于显示 cflow 输出的内容，但该文件中并未提供自动生成指定函数的 call tree
的功能，用起来多少有点不方便。

下面是一个简单的 elisp 函数，通过该函数可以为指定的函数生成调用树。

^?View Code LISP

(require 'cflow-mode)
(defvar cmd nil nil)
(defvar cflow-buf nil nil)
(defvar cflow-buf-name nil nil)
 
(defun yyc/cflow-function (function-name)
  "Get call graph of inputed function. "
  ;(interactive "sFunction name:\n")
  (interactive (list (car (senator-jump-interactive "Function name: "
                                                    nil nil nil))))
  (setq cmd (format "cflow  -b --main=%s %s" function-name buffer-file-name))
  (setq cflow-buf-name (format "**cflow-%s:%s**"
                               (file-name-nondirectory buffer-file-name)
                               function-name))
  (setq cflow-buf (get-buffer-create cflow-buf-name))
  (set-buffer cflow-buf)
  (setq buffer-read-only nil)
  (erase-buffer)
  (insert (shell-command-to-string cmd))
  (pop-to-buffer cflow-buf)
  (goto-char (point-min))
  (cflow-mode)
  )

函数中使用了 CEDET 提供的 senator-jump-interactive 用于实现函数名的自动补全，如果你的机器上没有 CEDET，那么就把
(interactive “sFunction name:\n”) 的注释去掉，而将后面的那句话注释掉即可。

用法很简单，将上面的代码添加到 ~/.emacs 中后，重新载入配置文件，然后打开一个 C 文件，
M-x，输入： yyc/cflow-function ，随后在 Mini-buffer 中输入函数名字，
回车，即可生成一个新的 buffer, 并在其中填写了生成的调用树。

如下图所示：
[thumbs_cfl]

cflow

在调用树中，还可以通过键盘从调用树中跳转到相应的源代码中，具体可以参阅 cflow
提供的 cflow.el。

这样， cflow 配置 GNU Global 和 cedet ，代码的阅读和理解效率会大大提高。

3 Links

1. cflow 网址： http://www.gnu.org/software/cflow

2. cflow 下载地址： http://mirrors.kernel.org/gnu/cflow/cflow-1.3.tar.bz2

3. cflow Documentation: http://www.gnu.org/software/cflow/manual/html_node/index.html

分享家:Addthis中国
GD Star Rating
loading...
Emacs & cflow 生成函数调用树, 6.7 out of 10 based on 23 ratings 该日志未加标签。
分类: 初级, 小技巧
评论 (14) Trackbacks (1) 发表评论 Trackback

 1. [045]
    gjdokdrz
    2016年4月7日08:36 | #1
    回复 | 引用
   
    Serve this stew piping hot. Add a fresh crisp salad, steamed greens, and a loaf of warm, whole-grain bread for
    a simple, homey meal with lots of cozy flavors. louis vuitton outlet World demand for lubricants is projected
    to rise two percent yearly through 2019. f coach outlet store online
    La enfermedad de Leal es terminal, por lo que se le dio permiso indefinido para hacer el cruce. http://
    www.raybansunglassesbuy.co.uk Jeff Green scored 23 points and J.
    The agency released the clips at a news conference Friday where it was joined by 14 police, fire and
    transportation agencies. http://www.louisvuitton-outlet.us.org All you need is a medium to large Mason jar, a
    couple of dried branches, some smooth stones, and some paper tags with ribbons. y michael kors outlet
    Marita has special needs and wanted to work with children. coach outlet Children must be accompanied by a
    legal guardian 21 or older.
    m The but, in front bowl game representatives, they didn’t play their best when with postseason berths at
    stake. louis vuitton outlet At Thursday’s meeting, the board addressed the following business: http://
    www.louisvuittonbagsbuy.us.com
    Participants will turn creative ideas into working prototypes in just two days with the help of their team and
    Expedia support staff. michael kors handbags McKissick, CDO. http://www.louisvuittonhandbags.us.org
    Miss the Detroit Pistons’ ? Here’s a snapshot of what happened: http://www.louisvuittonhandbagsbuy.co.uk He
    ranked among league leaders last season with 88 receptions for 1,214 yards and 9 touchdowns, playing through
    lingering injuries as he often did. a ray ban sunglasses
    Wine Excellence XIV originally was scheduled originally for Jan. coach outlet online Adam Lallana and former
    City player James Milner scored in a seven-minute span in the first half, before Roberto Firmino added the
    third goal in the 57th with another clinical finish as a much-changed Liverpool side hounded City into
    submission.
    The newspaper said the monarch made her comments during a lunch with the former deputy prime minister Nick
    Clegg at Windsor Castle in 2011. http://www.coachoutletssonline.us.org Brunch customers have been betatesting
    Jones’ new funnel cake, topped with confectioners’ sugar and on a chocolatesauce bed, reminiscent in many ways
    of the beignet recipe on which it’s based.
    “We want to give students the opportunity to believe that they can do anything they want to do,” he said.
    http://www.coachoutletonlinebuy.us.com But when you’re 7-0 at home and you’re so close to Pasadena that you
    can smell the roses, perspective takes a number and waits its turn.
    Gavilan plays in the tough Coast Conference South Division, but Kaplansky feels his team will be prepared for
    the rigors of conference play due to the team’s tough non-league schedule that included Los Medanos-Livermore
    and Shasta. coach outlet store online As it has survived, the militia has drawn the attention of the Islamic
    State.
    c He’s a virtual lock for another 20-plus carries and a handful of red-zone touches against a
    middle-of-the-road Bills defense that has surrendered five rushing scores in its last five games ray ban
    sunglasses This group says the ranking of top seven issues differs: loss of memory (38%), living independently
    (37%), getting around to run errands (37%), financial abuse, fraud and scams (43%), and access to affordable
    housing (38%).
    He’s going to finish as a top-50 fantasy player3. http://www.michaelkorsoutletbuy.us.com This might not have
    even come up if the board did not also ignore the promise it made to San Benito County at the same time on the
    same ballot. y o.westboroughpolice.com
    You’ve heard the phrase “comfort zone,” right? coach outlet store online Why don t you like this ad ?It s
    offensive to meI keep seeing thisIt s not relevant to meSomething elseDoneTrendingClinton hits Bernie on vote
    for border ‘vigilantes’Liz GoodwinTrendingCharlie Hunnam Asks Fans to Stop Attacking His Girlfriend: She Is
    an Intelligent, Beautiful, Kind Person People15 People Who Are Having A Way Worse Day Than YouThank you for
    your feedbackWe ll review and make changes needed.
    o Kevin Cruz and Neftali Cruz Jr., to HR Holyoke LLC, South Bridge Street, $508,000. coach outlet store online
    “If s] not scoring, it’s kind of hard for us to get to 60. p
    I recommend covering sensitive plants when local weather authorities predict danger of frost. cheap jordans
    Last month I opened my mailbox and there was a large ESPN magazine inside. http://
    www.louisvuittonhandbagsrack.us.com
    Rasmussen told The Oregonian/OregonLive that witnesses said Stewart had a hoodie over her head, and that may
    “impeded her seeing the train.” The train had gotten too close to the intersection to stop in time, Rasmussen
    said. louis vuitton handbags “Obsessed,” said Texas State Coach Danny Kaspar, who hired Beard as a graduate
    assistant at Incarnate Word. w louis vuitton handbags
    STORECapital is one of the largest and fastest growing net-lease REITs andowns a large, well-diversified
    portfolio that consists of investments in1,325 property locations, substantially all of which are profit
    centers,in 46 states. michael kors handbags The Wildcats were playing for the first time since Nov.
    By U.S. Rep. John Moolenaar http://www.coachhandbags.com.co congressman from Texas, not anyone from this
    state. l louis vuitton outlet
    The $5,000 championship event runs July 12-15. louis vuitton outlet online DPS says that while both fully
    marked cars were blocking the freeway, an impaired driver crashed into both cars.

    [回复]

 2. [419]
    gjwqgrdg
    2016年4月7日11:27 | #2
    回复 | 引用
   
    Nona B. Libowitz to Michael J. Thompson and Claire L. Thompson, 59 High Pine Circle, $363,350. http://
    www.michaelkors.us.org Among Democrats, 8 in 10 voters in both states said the country’s economic system
    benefits the wealthy, not all Americans. m ray ban sunglasses
    In the Healthfulness section, we trend and analyze consumer attitudes toward health and diet, and provide
    applications to the Asian noodle market with a focus on health attributes that prove to be a decision
    influencer. coach outlet store online Dave Hammack, of Volk Co.
    So, if you have a boisterous student section or award-worthy marching band formations or cheerleaders who
    really get the crowd pumped or unparalleled community support and you want those things highlighted, it’s time
    to vote.The poll closes Thursday night. coach outlet Affordable housing is only possible through public funds,
    grants, or owner contributions in the construction process, with severe restrictions on resale and ownership.
    o ray ban sunglasses
    It argued that after fifth grade, its students don’t stay in the district. http://www.coachoutletstores.net.co
    It’s like lawyers are from another planet.
    b The vehicle data and valuation firm also named the 2016 Honda Civic the “best overall” winner. http://
    www.coachhandbagsdeal.us.com A few ethicsreform bills to occupy the State Agencies and Governmental Affairs
    Committee would be a more efficient and substantive use of human capital than having legislators wander the
    corridors or streets. oakley outlet
    CFO Eric Pettis, Rep. coach factory outlet store How about you?” http://www.michaelkorshandbagsbuy.us.com
    Every day we . Where is your entry? You have until Saturday to try to win one of four $100 cash prizes. coach
    outlet online It’s a work in progress, a former school bus, short type Chevy van, and we put a turbo diesel in
    it, after learning they are . b cheap louis vuitton bags
    The artifacts include paintings from France, Poland, Germany and Austria, as well as Italian and Peruvian
    manuscripts dating from the 15th and 18th centuries. coach factory outlet The Desert Vista team, from left,
    Tyler Bonebright, Xavier Esparza, Jacob Walimaa, Ryan Dykstra (with Alec Hoyt behind him), Zach Smith and Ryan
    Smith walks to the start line before the beginning of the Division I Boys Cross Country State Championships,
    Saturday, Nov.
    FOSTER KLUGAPMarch 10, 20163:03 AM ETMINAMISOMA, Japan (AP) — The ashes of half a dozen unidentified laborers
    ended up at a Buddhist temple in this town just north of the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant. http://
    www.coachoutletstores.net.co Administration officials insist the comments do not reflect serious internal
    disagreements about policy.
    In side-by-side tests, the S7’s camera produced brighter, sharper images than the iPhone 6S Plus, and it was
    faster to autofocus, especially in poor lighting. coach outlet After the motorcade reaches the presidential
    library, public viewing will begin at 1 p.
    He said: It will be an absolute gold mine of information of enormous significance and interest to very many
    people, particularly the security and intelligence services. louis vuitton outlet online Widow Maureen
    McCarthy Scalia, center, and other family members, walk behind the casket as it is ushered out of the
    Bascilica following the funeral mass for the late Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonin Scalia, at the
    Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington, Saturday, Feb.
    c Papenfuse said he supported the fines of $100 and $200 because he did not want to encourage drug use. ray
    ban glasses Altered Tails Barnhart Clinic leased 4,680 square feet at 225 E.
    Mary Zanger: No, because mutual respect and understanding can be conveyed via a flyer written to the attention
    of motorcyclists and be placed in bars, restaurants and motels. michael kors outlet online Fresh off their
    European tour and album release, Crobot is ready to shake the walls with some good old rock n’ roll. j coach
    handbags
    Kasich is not the only presidential candidate with a pending ballot challenge here coach factory outlet The
    missiles fired on Thursday flew about 500 km (300 miles) off its east coast city of Wonsan and were likely
    from the Soviet-developed Scud series, South Korea s defence ministry said.
    q The Beavers were leading 13-10 in the fourth quarter and driving for a score that could have given them a
    two-possession lead. On fourth-and-2 from the Oregon 14, OSU called a double-option, a quick-hitting play to
    the outside. It looked like it was going to go at least for a first down, but quarterback Don Shanklin
    stumbled and fell for a three-yard loss. http://www.raybansunglassesebay.us.com Monday through Saturday. h
    sd-embed class sd-embedded-media” data-embed-file 704733843086041088 ” data-embed-type twitter” id
    ui-id-3″sd-embed cheap oakleys It was simply a magical mix: the horn flourishes on “Penny Lane,” the
    harpsichord on “In My Life” and the elegant introduction to “Ticket To Ride” are collaborations in the truest
    sense. coach outlet
    If the college were to discover that an employee lied and was not in a committed relationship with the
    individual they obtained insurance for, the employee would be fired, Ender said. coach outlet online Consumer
    analysis is structured by age bracket and household income, further broken out by gender. q michael kors
    outlet
    “We have seen tremendous results since piloting Health Connect at ,” said Gus Costalas, the hospital s deputy
    executive director and chief financial officer of Northwell Health s Western Region. cheap jordans 3 is not an
    option.
    Morrow looks around his inviting home and says, “When we first saw this house, it looked like a big empty box.
    It doesn’t feel that way anymore.” louis vuitton handbags What should I do? u coach handbags
    Concurrently, Fitch has affirmed the company s national scale short and long-term ratings of F1+(col) and AAA
    (col). http://www.coachoutletstores.net.co usa.

    [回复]

 3. [d1c]
    gjqoelkp
    2016年4月7日12:52 | #3
    回复 | 引用
   
    Crinella, a Division II college baseball player himself, recognized Vatrano’s talent, as well as his
    intensity. coach outlet They tossed out a clunker against the Los Angeles Lakers, losing 11295 on Sunday while
    shooting a seasonworst 13 percent from threepoint range. l michael kors outlet
    You probably were cutting it close when you left around 6 p. ray ban sunglasses He noted that the nearest
    hospital, Copper Queen in Bisbee, is 25 miles away from Douglas.
    Roxanne Ferretti, Roxanne Mello and Paul T. Ferretti to Aneta Temple, 7 Overlook Drive, $169,900. coach outlet
    Why don t you like this ad ?It s offensive to meI keep seeing thisIt s not relevant to meSomething
    elseDoneTrendingNFL Winners and Losers: Giants, Texans, Jags blow up NFL marketShutdown CornerTrendingWe
    Need To Talk About That Kim Kardashian PictureJasmine JonesLess Water. k http://www.coachoutletssonline.us.org
    In a glass room in the rear corner ofBettola, ham hangs from the ceiling and an array of house-cured meats and
    sausagesage, on display for diners at the restaurant. cheap louis vuitton bags A red notice on an upright
    wooden board warned a resident about the mandate to leave by the start of the week.
    c Joseph F. Kelley and Wanda D. Kelley to Gerald F. Skaza and Theresa M. Skaza, 142 Eagle St., $43,000. louis
    vuitton outlet online And we couldn’t wait. ray ban sunglasses outlet
    It is careful not to play more than three games there in season. o.westboroughpolice.com Over the screams of
    his colleagues, the senator continued with firm conviction. http://www.michaelkors.us.org
    John R. Field to Tracey L. Field, 268 Long Plain Road, $207,000. ray ban outlet “Dorothea Lange’s America,”
    through May 8. m http://www.coachoutletstores.net.co
    ” He told Hogan’s attorney that he wants to “know everything about society. http://
    www.louisvuittonhandbagsrack.us.com Last month, Al Jazeera reported that an intern at an Indianapolis
    anti-aging clinic was secretly recorded suggesting that in 2011, Manning’s wife received deliveries of HGH,
    which is banned by the league.
    I understand the whole funding or lack of, but a serious look at partnering with companies to provide some of
    the needed equipment and training has gone untapped for the most part. coach outlet online PP HORSE;JOCKEY;
    TRAINER;ODDS
    Is there any indication that the misconduct is criminal in nature and/or that it will end up costing the
    district a fortune in settlements with third parties?What, if anything, is the connection between this and the
    recent blowup between the Superintendent and the Board of Trustees?Should we have done a better job of vetting
    someone for this position or is this something out of the blue. michael kors outlet online While neither
    nation remembered the condition attached to this tie, now that it has been brought to their attention both
    Australia and USA, in the spirit of sportsmanship .
    Other than that, however, global production levels have remained at or near record levels, with Russian
    companies producing at a new post-Soviet era high in February. louis vuitton outlet Butler County Sheriff
    Richard Jones said 14yearold James Austin Hancock showed the handgun to the boys early in the school day,
    before the lunchtime shooting Monday at Madison Local Schools, near Middletown, about 25 miles from
    Cincinnati.
    z Snow geese peaked last year at more than 110,000 on March 16; fell to about 65,000 on March 19; and then on
    March 23, Binder wrote: michael kors outlet online Humane Borders provides humanitarian aid, food and water to
    people attempting to illegally cross the border between Mexico and Southern Arizona on foot.
    With the money, the council agenda report says minor repairs are needed to the drainage basin at the park.
    louis vuitton outlet Eric Green scored 13 points for the Crusaders. v http://
    www.michaelkorshandbagsoutletbuy.us.com
    Sen. coach outlet Afterwards he and his crew were welcomed with open arms in Bahrain.
    l Ware http://www.michaelkorshandbagsbuy.us.com Gibson, who is from Seattle, said the piece of debris is now
    in the hands of civil aviation authorities in Mozambique, and that he expects it to be transferred to their
    Australian counterparts. z
    Every major market for gaskets and seals is expected to register healthy gains through 2019. cheap air jordans
    Reds beat D-backsPHOENIX Keyvius Sampson earned his first major league victory and Cincinnati hit three home
    runs in its victory over Arizona on Saturday. cheap nfl jerseys
    On Oct. 14, a . In January, the Lotto 47 jackpot was won twice, with wins coming just a week apart. In July, a
    . http://www.louisvuittonhandbagsbuy.us.com Cruz, a tea party favorite, said Saturday’s results should send a
    loud message that the GOP contest for the nomination is far from over, and that the status quo is in trouble.
    c louis vuitton outlet
    “If someone wants to do research, they really have to come to Abilene because of the 26 million documents we
    have and our 300,000 photographs haven’t been digitized yet,” he said. michael kors outlet “She also noted
    major budget cuts the Legislature imposed in recent years on the water department.
    “We love our Country Cat, but I wouldn’t be able to fit in my pants if I ate it every day,” Jackie Sappington
    says. coach handbags And like other station residents, Kelly downed recycled urine and sweat nearly 200
    gallons over the year. t michael kors outlet online
    Increasingly, the next generation of arts patrons wants to understand the art, they want to understand the
    process of making the art, and they want to understand the individuals. http://www.michaelkorsoutletbuy.us.com
    Essentially, it’s guacamole without the effort of smashing the avocado.

    [回复]

 4. [ba0]
    uufhpuffi
    2016年4月7日22:22 | #4
    回复 | 引用
   
    Here’s a look at how University of Massachusetts basketball fans voted in grading the Minutemen for theiron
    Thursday. michael kors outlet store Admission to the gallery and the reception are free. y http://
    www.louisvuitton-outlet.us.org
    Washington women roll past Utah 73-60 coach outlet store online He wants to build a wall along the entire
    Mexican border, on the fantastical premise that he could force the Mexican government to pay for it.
    If for some reason we are still fearful of Syrian refugees, we should be reassured by the existing
    refugee-vetting program. Every applicant for asylum goes through an examination process that lasts for 18 to
    24 months. They are questioned in detail and their answers are verified. By contrast, anyone with a Belgian or
    French passport can enter the United States by simply buying an airline ticket. Thousands of people from
    Europe arrive this way every day. So the calls to reject refugees are both unkind and misplaced. Michael
    Bishop Northeast Portland cheap oakleys Better roads require funds from a larger tax-base population, but a
    larger tax-base population requires better roads to successfully integrate into our community. s coach
    handbags
    If so, you’re not alone cheap nfl jerseys The two became good friends and the future president would later
    call Riis “the most useful citizen of New York” for his social work.
    i Submit your announcement michael kors handbags McClendon was accused of orchestrating a scheme between two
    “large oil and gas companies” to not bid against each other for leases in northwest Oklahoma from December
    2007 to March 2012, the Justice Department said Tuesday in a statement. michael kors online
    The plaintiffs say authorities failed to take the appropriate measures to eliminate the danger of highly
    corrosive, lead-contaminated water, a danger they were made aware of as early as 2014. http://
    www.michaelkorshandbagsbuy.us.com River Road. http://www.coachfactorysoutlet.com
    FLINT, MI – Three Halo Burger are undergoing renovations two months after the Grand Blanc-based fast food
    chain was bought by investment banker Chance Richie. michael kors outlet The feeder comes in small, medium and
    large for dogs and one for cats. j coach outlet store
    It made me realize exactly how much I like to run. coach outlet online “I feel our team in a good place,”
    Miller said.
    Literally. michael kors outlet online He says, “The old bag isn’t going to live forever.
    They also traded for ($9. http://www.raybanoutlet.name Contact reporter Stephanie Innes at sinnes@tucson.
    It’s good, but I know it is costly. michael kors outlet and abroad, each franchise location houses
    approximately 20 profit centers, ranging from instore accessory installations, to offsite sales and
    installation of residential, commercial and marine window tinting and security films.
    i What only became apparent this year was how astute the career assistant was and how ready he was to take
    over. michael kors outlet Arredondo 6-0, 6-2; Martinez, DOUG, d.
    “Rather than make choices down the road that might be negative, any kid in the county can be a part of this.
    ray ban sunglasses outlet Finally, as we have implemented our regularly scheduled roof replacements on our
    facilities, we have done so with green, cool roofs. t michael kors outlet online
    “I do think there are people who are waiting to see where March 15 turns out,” he said wholesale nfl jerseys
    The week before, I happened to stumble upon a high school track meet where San Benito High School was
    competing.
    h Here is what Keys after the close of competition on Wednesday. Video by RunnerSpace.com. michael kors outlet
    II42 Mahindra Launches QUANTO. s
    But then my husband went up on the roof to clean out the vent opening up there, but he couldn’t find the
    outdoor end of the vent. http://www.coachhandbags.com.co ” After his visa expired, the Pottses said, they
    helped him enroll in high school, obtain a Social Security card and a driver’s license in the name of Asher
    Potts. michael kors handbags
    He said the new city ordinance amendment still regulates firearms discharge in Portage but also requires adult
    supervision for the possession or pneumatic guns by anyone under 16 years old, unless on private property with
    an adult’s permission. It also prohibits “brandishing” firearms to induce fear or shooting in a heavily
    populated area, with stipulations. coach outlet store online While at Wisconsin and now at Arkansas, Bielema
    has developed a strong reputation for developing offensive linemen. y coach outlet
    jpeg%22%3E%3Ca%3E%3Cdiv%3E ” data-embed-type code” id ui-id-26″sd-embedbr http://o.westboroughpolice.com A
    damage estimate was not yet known.
    Forty years ago this week President Ford announced that he was running for the Republican nomination for
    President in 1976, “in order to finish the job I have begun.” Ford pledged an “above-board” campaign and asked
    for support of those “who believe in the fundamental values of duty, decency and constructive debate on the
    great issues we face together as a free people.” http://www.cheapchinajerseysnfl.us.org Participants should
    provide their own lunches. r coach factory outlet
    Recently I was at funeral service for a beloved teacher whose students lined the walls waiting to testify
    about how much she had helped them through some painfully hard times in their lives. http://
    www.cheapjordanshoes.us.org Heyer earned his sixth win Tuesday for the Cardinals, after pitching one shutout
    inning against Midland.

    [回复]

评论分页
« 上一页 1 2 41742

 1. 2010年11月29日11:53 | #1
    Tweets that mention Emacs & cflow 生成函数调用树 | Emacs中文网 — Topsy.com

[                        ] 昵称
[                        ] 电子邮箱 (我们会为您保密)
[                        ] 网址
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
订阅评论
[提交评论]
[预览评论]
:wink: :-| :-x :twisted: :) 8-O :( :roll: :-P :oops: :-o :mrgreen: :lol: :idea: :-D :evil: :cry: 8) :arrow: :-?
:?: :!:

点击取消回复

[*]有人回复时邮件通知我

用flymake检测C/C++语法 Emacs －普通人的编辑利器
订阅

  • Google
  • 有道
  • 鲜果
  • 抓虾
  • My Yahoo!
  • newsgator
  • Bloglines
  • 哪吒

Twitter

Emacs资源

  • EmacsWiki
  • Emacsist
  • 水木Emacs
  • DEA
  • pluskid的Emacs
  • 王垠的Emacs
  • 王纯业的Emacs
  • Emacs官网
  • dotemacs
  • Emacsen's planet

友情链接

  • LinuxTOY
  • 善用佳软
  • 小众软件
  • 开源视窗

最新评论

  • [7a2]
    nba jersey uniform design 2016 发表于用weblogger写WordPress博客
    What i do not realize is actually how you're not a... »
  • []
    匿名发表于钗黛双收：若你也同Vim难割舍，却又看Emacs情切切
    :roll: »
  • [14b]
    06kv.com低价网游私服一条龙t2i8 发表于站点地图
    天龙私服架设|奇迹Mu私服架设|魔兽私服架设|魔域私服架设|墨香私服架设天堂2私服架设|传奇3私服架... »
  • []
    BrettBlice 发表于 Emacs中的Evernote: evernote-mode
    wh0cd501379 accutane accutane 40 mg http://accutan... »
  • [f48]
    adidas stan smith 发表于站点地图
    I simply desired to appreciate you once again. I a... »
  • 下一页 »

最多评论

  • 我的Emacs配置文件－ DEA (398)
  • 用CEDET浏览和编辑C++代码 (278)
  • 致Emacs初学者 (150)
  • Emacs才是世界上最强大的IDE －用auto-complete实现自动补全 (143)
  • 折腾Emacs (138)
  • 钗黛双收：若你也同Vim难割舍，却又看Emacs情切切 (127)
  • 用CEDET浏览和编辑C++代码(续) – 使用Emacs 23.2内置的CEDET (121)
  • Emacs才是世界上最强的IDE – 用w3m浏览网页 (116)
  • 用weblogger写WordPress博客 (110)
  • Emacs －普通人的编辑利器 (109)

最高评分

  • 用CEDET浏览和编辑C++代码 (9.7 62次投票)
  • 用pulse实现Emacs的淡入淡出效果 (9.7 9次投票)
  • 致Emacs初学者 (9.6 112次投票)
  • Emacs中鼠标的运用 (9.5 15次投票)
  • Emacs才是世界上最强大的IDE －用Emaci阅读文件 (9.5 13次投票)
  • Emacs下的多媒体系统 - EMMS (9.5 10次投票)
  • 折腾Emacs (9.3 55次投票)
  • 我的Emacs配置文件－ DEA (9.3 24次投票)
  • ERC使用简介 (9.3 9次投票)
  • 在Emacs中使用vi的*和#命令 (9.3 6次投票)

分类目录

  • 初级 (37)
  • 中级 (42)
  • 高级 (1)
  • C/C++ (4)
  • Elisp (10)
  • Email (1)
  • IDE (18)
      □ CEDET (3)
      □ 自动补全 (6)
  • Org Mode (4)
  • mode-line (2)
  • w3m (3)
  • windows (1)
  • 其他 (22)
  • 好玩的 (12)
  • 学习Emacs (5)
  • 宏 (1)
  • 小技巧 (3)
  • 快速启动 (2)
  • 资讯 (2)
  • 配置 (10)
      □ DEA (2)
  • 配色 (2)

最热文章

  • 我的Emacs配置文件－ DEA(75,534)
  • 致Emacs初学者(72,098)
  • 用CEDET浏览和编辑C++代码(65,618)
  • 钗黛双收：若你也同Vim难割舍，却又看Emacs情切切(56,353)
  • Emacs长啥样(55,358)
  • Emacs才是世界上最强大的IDE －用auto-complete实现自动补全(54,829)
  • Emacs org mode学习笔记(48,414)
  • Emacs初学者必知必会(47,368)
  • 折腾Emacs(46,283)
  • 在Emacs下用C/C++编程(39,814)

标签云

Emacs org screenshot 配色 windows 光标 IDE emacser ahei emacser.com C/C++ ede 插件 lisp face 颜色补全 mode 鼠标配
置 buffer CEDET se lambda 截图 Elisp highlight vi semantic cursor python ann lightbox text theme autoload 定制 irc
安装 yasnippet DEA snippet term control

功能

  • 登录
  • 文章 RSS
  • RSS 评论
  • WordPress.org

回到顶部 WordPress
版权所有 © 2009-2015 Emacs中文网
主题由 NeoEase 提供, 通过 XHTML 1.1 和 CSS 3 验证.

                                             Copyright (C) 2009 ahei
                                      msn/gtalk/qq/email: ahei0802@gmail.com
                                                 Google analytics
