Emacs中文网

没有我做不到的，只有你想不到的

  • 首页
  • 关于
  • DEA
  • 征集logo
  • 版权声明
  • 加盟/投稿
  • Emacs截图
  • Emacs资源
  • 站点地图
  •  

[                        ] []
首页 > 初级, 快速启动 > 智能的启动Emacs

智能的启动Emacs

2010年5月4日 ahei 发表评论阅读评论

作者: jay

Emacs的启动速度是一直为非E众诟病的。虽然说现在机器是越来越快了，用我常用的配置，直接启动emacs也就等个2-3秒，但是和
gvim比起来还是太慢了。不过Emacs提供了一个CS模式，在Emacs23以前，可以在一个已打开的Emacs上启动server，之后就可以用
emacsclient通过连接到server的方式打开文件。在这种模式下，除了第一次打开Server Emacs耗时比较长外，之后每次起client
的速度那都是唰唰的。这是我现在在Win下主要的打开Emacs的方式。这样有一个问题，如果关闭开启Server的那个Emacs，
emacsclient就无法连接了，解决办法是给emacsclient加上”–alternative-editor=<path-to-emacs>”这样的参数，在失败时启动
一个新的Emacs，当然这样就感受不到直连server的高速爽快感觉了：P

那Emacs 23之后呢？由于POSIX系统的特殊性，这回Emacs给其加上了一个daemon模式。这和传统的CS模型的区别是，启动Emacs
Server的是那个daemon进程，这样即便将所有的Emacs窗口关闭，daemon仍然在运行。这样就解决了上面说的必须保持着那个
server窗口的问题。

Daemon模式的启动很是方便，直接运行emacs --daemon就行了。当然使用daemon可能会碰到字体设置的问题，这个不在本文范畴，
碰到该类问题的童鞋请移步这儿。我们可以把其写成一个init脚本放到系统启动项里面去。不过我并不喜欢这样，因为这不是按需
启动的，如果在没注意的情况下把daemon给杀了，之后用emacsclient启动就全部出错了。不过由于有Windows下使用的经历，知道
emacsclient可以为启动指定一个fallback，所以很自然就把这个参数指定为一个自定义脚本，这个自定义脚本负责启动daemon和
client，脚本如下：

^?View Code BASH

1 #! /bin/bash
2 emacs --daemon && emacsclient $*

不过在某天我闲来无事看了看emacsclient的help之后才发现，这并不是一个很好的办法，为啥呢？看一下-a的参数就可以知道：

^?View Code TEXT

-a, --alternate-editor=EDITOR
       if  the  Emacs server is not running, run the specified editor instead.  This can also be specified via the
       `ALTERNATE_EDITOR' environment variable.  If the value of EDITOR is the empty string, then Emacs is started
       in daemon mode and emacsclient will try to connect to it.

发现没，其实只要给这个参数指定一个空字符，就能让emacsclient在连接不到server时自动启动daemon了。当然，这个参数支持
从环境变量ALTERNATE_EDITOR读取，我当然也就选择这个方式了。

这样用下来一阵子，又有问题了。因为启动的daemon是没有frame的，所以假如当前没有可见的frame，在启动emacsclient时又没
有加”-c”参数，那么emacsclient只会在daemon上创建一个没有frame的client，而我们将得不到任何提示。如果这时运行
”emacsclient -c”创建一个新的frame，你会发现这个文件其实已经打开了，只是我们看不到而已。这是相当令人困扰的。

那就给emacsclient加上参数”-c”呗。但是因为每次打开都会启动一个新的frame，这样用下来也是不爽快。

我需要能够一种智能启动emacs的方式，如果当前没有可见的frame，则新建一个，否则，复用当前frame。由于对elisp还是不怎么
熟，不知道是否有emacsic的方式，最终我是通过写了一个脚本的方式来实现的：

^?View Code BASH

1 #! /bin/bash
2 (wmctrl -a @jay && emacsclient -n $*) || emacsclient -n -c $*

其中用到了wmctrl这个软件包，ArchLinux的用户可以直接用”pacman -S wmctrl”来安装。其中的”@jay”是我的emacs标题上的内容
，用来帮助wmctrl找到具有这样属性的窗口。

把Nautilus的文件默认打开方式设成这个脚本，这下emacs终于能够按照我的想法启动了，另外，我还在Nautilus里面加了一条
”emacsclient -c”的打开方式，以便在需要的时候能够方便的新建窗口：）

P.S. 不知各位Emacs大牛对启动方式上还有啥建议不？特别欢迎elisp的解决方案，呵呵。

分享家:Addthis中国
GD Star Rating
loading...
智能的启动Emacs, 8.7 out of 10 based on 7 ratings 标签：ctrl, daemon, Emacs, emacser, emacser.com, windows, 配色,
配色

相关日志

  • GNU Emacs 23.2发布 (38)
  • 用CEDET浏览和编辑C++代码(续) – 使用Emacs 23.2内置的CEDET (121)
  • 关于 (20)
  • 高亮C的所有变量和函数 (96)
  • 自定义Emacs工具栏 (32)

分类: 初级, 快速启动
评论 (8) Trackbacks (1) 发表评论 Trackback

 1. [6d8]
    leezii
    2010年5月4日01:41 | #1
    回复 | 引用
   
    大家都这么搞再加上xbinkeys 设置个全局快捷键直接呼出 frame

    [回复]

 2. []
    seagle0128
    2010年5月5日05:25 | #2
    回复 | 引用
   
    最近使用emacsw32，启动的时候用的”emacsclientw -n”，效果和你描述的理想状态一致，但目前我手上没有linux环境，不知
    道linux下是否可行。所以只能给出一个建议或者思路，请参考。

    [回复]

    [a3b]

    Jay 回复:
    五月 6th, 2010 at 1:05 上午

    @seagle0128, W32下没有daemon模式，如果关闭了窗口的话，下一次再使用emacsclientw -n应该会重新启动一次server，这
    个速度和直接连上server是有差距的。当然这只是我的猜想啦，我也不知道现在w32下面的emacs是不是改进了这点：）

    [回复]

 3. [60a]
    York
    2011年5月17日04:06 | #3
    回复 | 引用
   
    遗憾的是Windows平台下的emacs不支持“–daemon”选项

    [回复]

 4. [3d5]
    weikent
    2012年10月2日19:30 | #4
    回复 | 引用
   
    emacs for mac 是不是也没有-daemon 选项？

    [回复]

 5. [ab9]
    cynnxccay
    2016年4月6日10:06 | #5
    回复 | 引用
   
    For more information on Funny Bones Improv or for tickets to”The Kids Table 2015,” visit Funnybonesimprov.com.
    coach factory outlet INDIA. q http://www.coachfactorysoutlet.com
    The survey respondents pointed to insecurity — attacks, violence, and terrorism — as the biggest problem
    facing the country, followed closely by unemployment, a poor economy, and corruption. http://
    www.michaelkorsbag.us.org The twin rallies could help against Chicago.
    Nov. 13-15:Nov. 16-17: Nov. 18-19:Best Red/Brown/Amber vote, winner Nov. 20Nov. 20-22:Best Paler Ales vote,
    winner Nov. 23Nov. 23-24:Best Sour/Fruit vote, winner Nov. 25Nov. 25-26:Best German Style vote, winner Nov.
    27Nov. 27-29:Best Darker Beer vote, winner Nov. 30Nov. 30-Dec. 2:Best IPA, winner Dec. 3 michael kors outlet
    online So let’s just add . y louis vuitton outlet
    The proposal has gained the support of the Specialty Equipment Manufacturer’s Association (SEMA), which was an
    early and outspoken critic when text targeting non-road vehicles like race cars was brought to light last
    month. http://www.coachhandbags.com.co The Broncos won the Super Bowl last season with their quarterbacks
    combining for a 74.
    i “If an offensive player with the ball can draw his defender into their air towards him (for coach outlet
    You’ll strike the perfect balance, seeing the humor but not always calling it out. coach outlet store
    Invitations are now being sent out for the eagerly awaited debut of the Tesla Model 3 electric car at the end
    of this month michael kors outlet Since the council’s instructions, the committee has met six times . http://
    o.westboroughpolice.com
    Jackson and Westbrook formed a dynamic backcourt at times they played together, and on Friday will match up
    opposite one another. michael kors outlet Van Horn said he’s unsure whether Knight will be in the starting
    rotation again next weekend. u michael kors outlet
    By Sonam Vashi, CNN cheap louis vuitton bags Kirkpatrick, a Democrat from Flagstaff, was in a meeting in Casa
    Grande Monday night and didn’t get back to me till today with this written response:p class p1″”We need
    everything and everyone at the table if we are going to engage in an earnest, productive conversation about
    taking action.
    Korea fires missiles, liquidates South assetsAFPBanks Are Worried Homeowners Will Do This. michael kors outlet
    store LAS VEGAS The Busch brothers grew up racing on the 3/8mile bullring that now sits in the shadow of the
    Las Vegas Motor Speedway, many miles north of the glittering lights of the Strip.
    This is exactly the reason why I strongly encourage networking and a Danish-Swedish regional life science
    collaboration in order to pool resources and create critical mass in the knowledge-sharing dimension. michael
    kors outlet online When you donate clothing to Dress for Success, you will be entered into a drawing for a
    free lunch at the WIB luncheon the following month.
    is a year-long membership that gets you free access to the best entertainment in the Valley. coach factory
    outlet Most of the world’s smartphones and personal computers are assembled in China.
    a “I believe the Affinity Sports Digital Cards are more secure than paper player cards,” said Turner. coach
    factory outlet In 2015, he rushed for 1,402 yards, second in the NFL, and six touchdowns.
    They get them to relax, which makes the whole team relax. louis vuitton handbags As we endure another summer
    of triple-digit temps,excessive-heat warnings are making headlines. l oakley sunglasses
    Goodyear said magnetic levitation would deliver a remarkably smooth and quiet ride for passengers http://
    www.louisvuittonhandbagsrack.us.com You can turn this off, but it doesn’t appear to drain battery life much,
    and I like it a lot.
    g Sonjack Realty Limited Partner and William Foggle to Van Deusen Apts LLC, 40-42 Arnold St., $1,875,000.
    coach outlet store Anderson leads FDU o
    ” We designed this 100 percent from our conversations. http://www.coachhandbagsdeal.us.com AMP Aces: Shoemaker
    4, Gonzales 3. coach bags
    What does Flint stand to gain by embracing this new population? Besides the millions of dollars infused into
    the local economy, these students bring a rich and diverse representation of the world right to our door step.
    It’s like traveling the world without having to buy a plane ticket. Recently, the Flint Chamber of Commerce,
    University of Michigan-Flint, Kettering and Mott Community College came together to support a series of focus
    group sessions with the international students. The purpose was to gain insight on their experiences in Flint
    and to determine if they are interested in engaging and participating in the community. What we learned is
    that there is an overwhelming strong desire to be more engaged and involved, but they are unsure of how to
    make that connection. Some students expressed enthusiasm towards Flint, because they recognize the tremendous
    potential and opportunities to make a difference. A few have a desire to remain in the city after graduation.
    Because of this population trend, a collaborative effort has been formed to explore ways to be supportive and
    provide opportunities for connections to be made. coach outlet store online Rising output from key industries,
    including food and beverages and pharmaceuticals, will aid greater demand as membranes can be utilized to meet
    more stringent purity requirements. u louis vuitton outlet online
    In fairness to Lindblad, this is an industrywide practice. http://www.coachoutletstores.net.co But Greece has
    a notoriously slow asylum process, and a crippling six-year financial crisis that has left unemployment at
    about 25 percent.
    Artur Lech and Magealena lech to Nicholas M. Mobrice, 24 Ridgeview Terrace, $187,500. michael kors outlet “My
    mother didn’t really say much about him,” she says. i ray ban sunglasses
    Since my wife is fearful of flying and takes medication to enable her to fly, sitting in an exit row is not
    feasible, as she would be unable to assist in the case of an emergency. coach factory to 1 p.

    [回复]

 6. [fe1]
    hbuerdwsy
    2016年4月6日22:18 | #6
    回复 | 引用
   
    Brown’s spokeswoman, Kristen Grainger, declined to offer an opinion on that provision of the bill. Gelser said
    Brown also has been pushing the issue and she expects the governor’s office will make any necessary personnel
    changes. She applauded Brown’s appointment earlier this month of Clyde Saiki, a state government veteran, to
    steady the agency in the interim. coach bags Priced from $35 to $66. n coach outlet online
    Q: I recently booked a room at the Cassa Hotel 45th Street using Expedia. michael kors outlet This is an
    all-ages event.
    Website: new one under construction http://www.coachoutletonlinebuy.us.com Gareth Emery and Nicky Romero are
    just the most recently announced guests on a list that includes Swanky Tunes, Helena, and Zeds Dead. s louis
    vuitton bags
    Wizards: The 64 points in the first half matched Washington’s season-high for the opening two periods. ray ban
    sunglasses outlet Every time a specific population has increased flu shots THAT EXACT SPECIFIC POPULATION HAS
    INCREASED FLU CASES.
    x This year, she used her hand-made ghost cookie cutter to make three of the ghosts and she free-formed the
    others using glow-in-the-dark polymer clay. She spray painted a wreath black, added a chalkboard ghost, orange
    firefly lights and glowing ghosts. cheap louis vuitton bags New camp in France http://www.michaelkors.us.org
    Alex McLaren, longtime clinician, educator and researcher,p class bwalignc”will oversee clinical reviewsemp
    class bwalignc”PHOENIX–(BUSINESS WIRE)–SharedClarity has hired Dr. louis vuitton bags That loss to city rival
    Atletico was followed by a pair of Spanish league victories and five goals from Ronaldo ahead of Tuesday’s
    Champions League match against Roma. http://www.louisvuittonhandbagsbuy.co.uk
    Ernest R. Scheyhing, Donald I. Christensen, representative, and Ruth E. Christensen, estate, to Amrose I.
    Mwea, 655 North Main St., $185,000. michael kors online This material may not be published, broadcast,
    rewritten or redistributed. v michael kors bags
    Public housing and subsidized rentals are a way of life for many families in cities throughout much of the U.
    coach outlet Manlio Fabio Beltrones, who is now an elder statesman in Mexico’s Congress, and was a key
    proponent of the modified labor law that passed.
    This weekend at Joe’s Grotto on 13825 N. coach outlet “If states want honesty, integrity and transparency in
    government, they need to keep pace with this area of the law.
    This county has a national park and three state parks. coach outlet What about the loss of Andrew Andrews, you
    say? The Huskies have a better prospect at point guard, incoming freshman Markelle Fultz.
    This year’s con celebrates the 40th anniversary of the 1975 Doc Savage movie, and you are hosting its star,
    the pop culture icon, Ron Ely. michael kors handbags Sevenmile, 1 to 11/2hour tours with nine stops.
    q Ebenhack)Phelan M. coach factory outlet store We locked the school down.
    comIf you majored in the humanities, you really should apply to Harvard Business SchoolQuartzObama Is One Step
    Closer To Officially Having A New Education SecretaryHuffington PostU. http://www.coachoutletsonlines.us.org
    “It was pure delight to work with these incredible vocal artists, who embraced what may be considered
    Rachmaninoff’s greatest work, truly giving their all to this piece, body and soul. x michael kors outlet
    Geographical segmentation and analysis of the sports equipment market http://www.coachfactorysoutlet.com An
    on-stage announcer will read vintage commercial copy with flair; old-fashion jingles will be played, and of
    course, you’ll see the Bob Hope tribute skit as he interviews famous movie star guests.
    z The rules will phase in over the next several years and give the FDA sweeping new oversight over how food is
    grown on farms. http://www.raybanoutlet.name I truly just want everyone to be healthy & happy. p
    Dieringer. michael kors outlet Mountain Ridge is a win away from its first berth in the state softball finals
    after knocking off No. coach outlet
    The redshirt sophomore didn’t play in last year’s game against UConn, which was also played at Yulman Stadium
    as Tulane won 12-3, but he knows what to expect this weekend from a Huskies team that is tied for third in the
    NCAA with 14 interceptions this season. louis vuitton outlet online government to press for his release. c
    cheap ray ban sunglasses
    President Barack Obama says he will nominate a successor to Scalia. michael kors outlet store Sister Dale
    McDonald, policy director at the NationalCatholic Education Association, said 1,603 Catholic schoolsnationwide
    have closed since 2000, shedding more than 500,000students.
    On the other hand, the old-fashioned appeal of “Rudolph” has its own enduring magic. How can you not melt as
    Rudolph’s nose flashes, Burl Ives (the voice of narrator Sam the Snowman) sings and the Misfit Toys find homes
    at last? coach outlet “There’s not a single priority issue,” said No. y coach outlet store online
    She hopes that she can be that last person they meet while on their healing journey louis vuitton outlet State
    law already imposes some restrictions on development in “active management areas” where groundwater supplies
    are at risk.

    [回复]

 7. [570]
    gjjrouvx
    2016年4月7日05:16 | #7
    回复 | 引用
   
    Drummond cashed in a terrific three-point play on a steal, coast-to-coast layup on which he was hammered by
    Lopez and Wayne Ellington, then converted the free throw with 6:20 left in the third quarter to stretch the
    Pistons’ lead to 55-46. coach outlet stores It’s one of numerous projects the dealership is paying for across
    the school district. r http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com
    “ith broth you’re getting so much nutrition and so much protein that even just a tiny mug will supply the body
    with so many nutrients,” said Brown http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com He was activated from the 15-day DL
    last Friday after being out more than a month with right ankle inflammation.
    An estimated 400,000 employees would take advantage of the state-managed plan if it were created, according to
    a study by the Northwest Economic Research Center ( at Portland State University. By doing so, three-fourths
    of workers could boost their annual retirement income by anywhere from about $3,800 to $9,000, depending on
    their income, the study estimated. 锘?a href=http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com/>coach outlet online Put more
    real farms on that Class 1 Panoche soil, please, and not government subsidized solar projects. c coach outlet
    stores
    Just as her grandmother’s recipes are the foundation of many of Monroe’s own creations, the time they spent
    cooking together is when her love for the craft grew. 锘?a href=http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com/>coach
    outlet online When you see those new ads referring to an “editorial” and refuting prior editorials or
    supporting Measure J be aware that the claim is false.
    e “In Massachusetts, unlike most other states, a higher proportion of public college students graduate with
    debt than their peers at private institutions. Moreover, the cost of attending public 4-year institutions more
    than doubled between 1987 and 2010,” a press release stated. http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com Keith Ingram
    of West Memphis and Linda Chesterfield of Little Rock, along with Rep. coach outlet
    Time: 1 hour, 42 minutesRated: PG-13 (crude and sexual content, exaggerated violence, brief strong language)
    Derek and Hansel are modeling again when an opposing company attempts to take them out from the business. 锘?a
    href=http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com/>coach outlet online “He was my first friend I met in Tucson,” Holmes
    said. http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com
    Chad was , or DIPG, a rare and inoperable form of pediatric brain cancer, in September 2014, days before his
    fourth birthday. Patients diagnosed with the disease are usually expected to live for another 6-18 months. 锘?
    a href=http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com/>coach outlet online ” His teammates trust him and he trusts them.
    c coach outlet
    Eventually, Brooke was able to break free from heroin, because she had to. http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com
    style video-ad-asset-container, video-ad-asset-container-played max-height: 0px; overflow: hidden;
    -webkit-transition: max-height 1s; -moz-transition: max-height 1s; transition: max-height 1s;
    video-ad-asset-container.
    “That statement standing alone out of context is misleading and subject to misinterpretation by non-healthcare
    professionals. http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com Tuesday at 10176 N.
    The Hollister Urban Area Project is a multi-district endeavor headed up by local water agencies. http://
    www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com Between my wife and I, we have one too many height phobias, so we weren’t going
    to do this hike, but then someone told us we could walk the Grotto Trail right from the lodge and end up at
    the Angels Landing trailhead.
    Russia’s Athletics Federation (ARAF) have committed to an overhaul of their anti-doping programmes, though
    they must convince IAAF inspectors they have met the standards imposed by the world governing body to have the
    ban lifted ahead of Rio. coach outlet stores “When Boyd finally broke that code, everybody thought it took the
    monkey off our backs and got us all thinking we can do it,”Evers said.
    w GM’s number for this recall is 21510 coach outlet The assailant had a similar description as the man in the
    other two robberies.
    We are evaluating energy alternatives, from renewable options to the use of central station power plants, to
    keep up with future growth. coach outlet It is simply another political folly used to stir emotions that will
    again make Arizona look bad and cost the state money. g 锘?a href=http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com/>coach
    outlet online
    comthe Kwanzaa principal of Ujima, presented to Destry Mangus, para-professional, tennis and softball coach
    with Harrisburg School District, youth program volunteer and a founding member of the former UJIMA Basketball
    City League;Anthony Burnett, professional at Gannett Fleming and founder of Left Out Organization-LOOP Inc.
    http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com All children 16 and younger must be accompanied by an adult.
    x JB Camerlin Real Estate LLC to Evelyn M. Bellerose, Glen Bellerose and Glen R. Bellerose, 202-204 Oakland
    St., $140,000. coach outlet store online Cody Davenport 20, who pitched a completegame victory, retired the
    Redhawks in order in the ninth inning to preserve the victory. m
    Place egg whites in a shallow bowl or dish. http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com But by 2050, Arizona is
    predicted to experience one of the biggest increases nationally in summer drought, raising its overall threat
    to above-average, the report said. http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com
    LB: Jeff Ridge, Centennial, senior 锘?a href=http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com/>coach outlet online Add the
    zucchini, green beans, garlic, thyme and the remaining salt and pepper. v coach outlet
    Manning (13-4) broke a tie with Tom Brady, Brett Favre and Elway for most opening game wins in league history
    http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com “In his first start since Fowler lost a two-shot lead with two holes in
    Phoenix, he put himself right back in position to win.
    You may not feel thirsty for anything but hot coffee as the temperature cools, but replacing water with warmer
    beverages can lead to dehydration. Allowing your body to become dehydrated can lead to sickness. Water helps
    the body carry nutrients to cells and wash out toxins. Without water you feel fatigued. 锘?a href=http://
    www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com/>coach outlet online Cole Cooper, Rogers High^14^72^5. b http://
    www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com
    In places where the work can’t be seen, such as in the welding and painting areas, short videos are shown to
    demonstrate the process that takes place. http://www.coachonlineoutlet.us.com Grijalva, the law professor,
    says it remains to be seen if the arrest will lead to anything substantial.

    [回复]

 8. [2dc]
    zixolmjdu
    2016年4月7日22:38 | #8
    回复 | 引用
   
    Randall K. Wilburn and Karin A. Wilburn, trustees, and Wilburn Family Revocable Living Trust to Stella S.
    Offner, 57 Berkshire Terrace, $425,000. http://www.coachfactorysoutlet.com For teen’s police killer, no
    charges w coach outlet online
    He had also been closing his door recently to have private phone conversations with somebody in Russian
    wholesale nfl jerseys The proposed swap violates Arizona statutes, Kubitskey told supervisors in a recent
    meeting.
    Portland is even worse in “clutch situations,” defined by the NBA as when the score iswithin points with five
    minutes or less remaining. The Blazers have had seven games that have entered “clutch” territory and are
    shooting 30.4 percent in those situations, including 3-for-19 from three-point range. Part of the issue is
    stagnant late game offense when teams try to deny Damian Lillard the ball the Blazers setscan get out of
    sorts. In 24 minutes of “clutch” action this season the Blazers have just four assists on 14 made field goals
    and have committed six turnovers. http://www.coachhandbagsdeal.us.com I am sure that there are more examples.
    q louis vuitton handbags
    Trump reversed that stance in a statement on Friday http://www.coachoutletssonline.us.org officials to the
    Iraqi government and contemporary estimates by experts.
    u Edward H. Letourneau, Edward herman Letourneau, Cheryl A. Katsoulis, Cheryl Ann Katsoulis, Carla A.
    Letourneau, Carla Ann Letourneau, Charron A. Letourneau, Charron Ann Letourneau, Carla Ann Letourneau, Charron
    A. Letourneau, Charron Ann Letourneau, Craig A. Letourneau, Craig Alan Letourneau, Leslie A. Zraunig, and
    Leslie Ann Zraunig to James M. Adams and hannah E. B. Richards, 32 Shattuck St., $208,000. cheap jordan shoes
    The Wyandotte Nation is in the midst of a multistage renovation of its its Wyandotte Nation Casino in
    Wyandotte, in the northeast corner of Oklahoma. oakley glasses
    Post does not pay a dividend. coach outlet online hr /Here’s the weekly notes from Arizona, ASU and the
    Pac-12. http://www.coachoutletstores.net.co
    Phone: 732-0338 ray ban sunglasses outlet The swimsuit edition is robust with ads. c louis vuitton outlet
    online
    Food thermometer is not scaled to measure to +- 2°F. louis vuitton handbags While the board declared
    containment of the virus, officials still urged people working at the track to clean and disinfect anything
    the horses had touched or could touch and to limit foot and vehicle traffic at the track.
    There will also be many players who are suddenly unhappy with their current contracts, which are probably well
    under the market value after Wednesday. http://www.coachstoresonline.com Alas, a rose by any other name.
    Brings up an interesting questions / comments. ray ban outlet Trail BlazersJordan Hill, Pacers: 14 points, 11
    rebounds and 1 assist in 23 minutes vs.
    They have debated amongst themselves the county’s most serious issues and then – with a majority consensus –
    provided honest and sometimes unpopular recommendations to stakeholders and others. ray ban sunglasses
    airstrikes are pummeling the Islamic State group, currently are on that list and won’t be in the report, said
    a senior administration official, who wasn’t authorized to comment publicly and requested anonymity.
    a And, frankly, I have nothing positive to say about it louis vuitton handbags But from this point forward, I
    care and we’re almost at a point where our guys have to protect themselves and as they protect themselves it’s
    going to be a really tough situation that’s coming.
    With less and less consideration to a person’s win-ability in relations to how many people can afford to give
    disposable money and wealth to their campaign. ray ban sunglasses outlet The second, The Seduction of Mary
    Wells, was published this past summer (2015) and chronicles the life of the 1960s My Guy rhythm and blues soul
    singer. y coach online store
    Dodgeball http://www.michaelkorsbag.us.org Start registering now.
    y As the founder and executive director of Oregon’s only nonprofit partnering with special education teachers
    to close the achievement gap for students with disabilities — that is, the kids who get suspended the most — I
    can tell you that exclusionary discipline is a shortsighted fix. When a child throws punches to mask the shame
    of being unable to spell her name, kicking her out is the last move she needs. http://
    www.cheapjordanshoes.us.org Chinese Internet giant Tencent also said it has canceled plans to broadcast the
    ceremony live online despite an existing contractual agreement to show the awards on its QQ streaming video
    service. j
    Nutritional Info(1 buckeye): 112 calories, 1 g protein, 10 g carbohydrates, 7 g fat (2 g saturated), 8 mg
    cholesterol, 1 g fiber, 32 mg sodium coach outlet online ” Sam Dykstra of MiLB. coach factory
    The Fair Tax, essentially abolishing the income tax in favor of a national sales tax, is a politically
    ambitious plan championed by also-ran candidate Mike Huckabee. Like a flat-rate income tax with virtually no
    deductions, this would simplify the taxes Americans pay. http://www.coachstoresonline.com So excited to help
    other women bring this into their lives. b michael kors bags
    Theorchestra performed the familiar overture — many of us grew up withit as a soundtrack to “Bugs Bunny”
    cartoons — with a sheen thatmade it dance anew. ray ban sunglasses And you never let us quit.
    Read . http://www.cheapjordanshoes.us.org McGehee School in New Orleans. b louis vuitton outlet online
    CPSC scientists in Rockville are testing the boards in their labs, searching for the cause of the fires and
    the falls http://www.louisvuitton-outlet.us.org “This gentleman was disturbed at way things had turned out at
    some point in his life.

    [回复]

 1. 2010年5月4日01:38 | #1
    Tweets that mention Emacs中文网: 智能的启动Emacs — Topsy.com

[                        ] 昵称
[                        ] 电子邮箱 (我们会为您保密)
[                        ] 网址
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
[                                                  ]
订阅评论
[提交评论]
[预览评论]
:wink: :-| :-x :twisted: :) 8-O :( :roll: :-P :oops: :-o :mrgreen: :lol: :idea: :-D :evil: :cry: 8) :arrow: :-?
:?: :!:

点击取消回复

[*]有人回复时邮件通知我

Emacs下的计算器－ calc Emacs中快速访问远程主机的文件
订阅

  • Google
  • 有道
  • 鲜果
  • 抓虾
  • My Yahoo!
  • newsgator
  • Bloglines
  • 哪吒

Twitter

Emacs资源

  • EmacsWiki
  • Emacsist
  • 水木Emacs
  • DEA
  • pluskid的Emacs
  • 王垠的Emacs
  • 王纯业的Emacs
  • Emacs官网
  • dotemacs
  • Emacsen's planet

友情链接

  • LinuxTOY
  • 善用佳软
  • 小众软件
  • 开源视窗

最新评论

  • [7a2]
    nba jersey uniform design 2016 发表于用weblogger写WordPress博客
    What i do not realize is actually how you're not a... »
  • []
    匿名发表于钗黛双收：若你也同Vim难割舍，却又看Emacs情切切
    :roll: »
  • [14b]
    06kv.com低价网游私服一条龙t2i8 发表于站点地图
    天龙私服架设|奇迹Mu私服架设|魔兽私服架设|魔域私服架设|墨香私服架设天堂2私服架设|传奇3私服架... »
  • []
    BrettBlice 发表于 Emacs中的Evernote: evernote-mode
    wh0cd501379 accutane accutane 40 mg http://accutan... »
  • [f48]
    adidas stan smith 发表于站点地图
    I simply desired to appreciate you once again. I a... »
  • 下一页 »

最多评论

  • 我的Emacs配置文件－ DEA (398)
  • 用CEDET浏览和编辑C++代码 (278)
  • 致Emacs初学者 (150)
  • Emacs才是世界上最强大的IDE －用auto-complete实现自动补全 (143)
  • 折腾Emacs (138)
  • 钗黛双收：若你也同Vim难割舍，却又看Emacs情切切 (127)
  • 用CEDET浏览和编辑C++代码(续) – 使用Emacs 23.2内置的CEDET (121)
  • Emacs才是世界上最强的IDE – 用w3m浏览网页 (116)
  • 用weblogger写WordPress博客 (110)
  • Emacs －普通人的编辑利器 (109)

最高评分

  • 用CEDET浏览和编辑C++代码 (9.7 62次投票)
  • 用pulse实现Emacs的淡入淡出效果 (9.7 9次投票)
  • 致Emacs初学者 (9.6 112次投票)
  • Emacs中鼠标的运用 (9.5 15次投票)
  • Emacs才是世界上最强大的IDE －用Emaci阅读文件 (9.5 13次投票)
  • Emacs下的多媒体系统 - EMMS (9.5 10次投票)
  • 折腾Emacs (9.3 55次投票)
  • 我的Emacs配置文件－ DEA (9.3 24次投票)
  • ERC使用简介 (9.3 9次投票)
  • 在Emacs中使用vi的*和#命令 (9.3 6次投票)

分类目录

  • 初级 (37)
  • 中级 (42)
  • 高级 (1)
  • C/C++ (4)
  • Elisp (10)
  • Email (1)
  • IDE (18)
      □ CEDET (3)
      □ 自动补全 (6)
  • Org Mode (4)
  • mode-line (2)
  • w3m (3)
  • windows (1)
  • 其他 (22)
  • 好玩的 (12)
  • 学习Emacs (5)
  • 宏 (1)
  • 小技巧 (3)
  • 快速启动 (2)
  • 资讯 (2)
  • 配置 (10)
      □ DEA (2)
  • 配色 (2)

最热文章

  • 我的Emacs配置文件－ DEA(75,534)
  • 致Emacs初学者(72,098)
  • 用CEDET浏览和编辑C++代码(65,618)
  • 钗黛双收：若你也同Vim难割舍，却又看Emacs情切切(56,353)
  • Emacs长啥样(55,358)
  • Emacs才是世界上最强大的IDE －用auto-complete实现自动补全(54,829)
  • Emacs org mode学习笔记(48,414)
  • Emacs初学者必知必会(47,368)
  • 折腾Emacs(46,283)
  • 在Emacs下用C/C++编程(39,814)

标签云

Emacs org screenshot 配色 windows 光标 IDE emacser ahei emacser.com C/C++ ede 插件 lisp face 颜色补全 mode 鼠标配
置 buffer CEDET se lambda 截图 Elisp highlight vi semantic cursor python ann lightbox text theme autoload 定制 irc
安装 yasnippet DEA snippet term control

功能

  • 登录
  • 文章 RSS
  • RSS 评论
  • WordPress.org

回到顶部 WordPress
版权所有 © 2009-2015 Emacs中文网
主题由 NeoEase 提供, 通过 XHTML 1.1 和 CSS 3 验证.

                                             Copyright (C) 2009 ahei
                                      msn/gtalk/qq/email: ahei0802@gmail.com
                                                 Google analytics
